doc: add documentation for how to configure sso for dashboard (#9)
koor-tech/koor: Documentation/Storage-Configuration/Monitoring/ceph-dashboard.md

  dashboard behind a proxy already served using SSL) by setting the `ssl` option
  to be false.

> ### Enabling Single Sign-On (SSO)
> Koor containers comes packaged with support for SSO, to enable sso follow the steps mentioned in
> the [ceph docs](https://docs.ceph.com/en/quincy/mgr/dashboard/#enabling-single-sign-on-sso)
> from the toolbox pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enabling Single Sign-On (SSO)

Koor Ceph container images come packaged with support for SSO, to enable SSO follow the steps mentioned in
the [Ceph docs](https://docs.ceph.com/en/quincy/mgr/dashboard/#enabling-single-sign-on-sso)
from the toolbox pod.
```
